README.md, before:

# Welcome to your Expo app 👋

This is an [Expo](https://expo.dev) project created with [`create-expo-app`](https://www.npmjs.com/package/create-expo-app).

## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```bash
    npx expo start
   ```

In the output, you'll find options to open the app in a

- [development build](https://docs.expo.dev/develop/development-builds/introduction/)
- [Android emulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/android-studio-emulator/)
- [iOS simulator](https://docs.expo.dev/workflow/ios-simulator/)
- [Expo Go](https://expo.dev/go), a limited sandbox for trying out app development with Expo

You can start developing by editing the files inside the **app** directory. This project uses [file-based routing](https://docs.expo.dev/router/introduction).

## Get a fresh project

When you're ready, run:

```bash
npm run reset-project
```

This command will move the starter code to the **app-example** directory and create a blank **app** directory where you can start developing.

## Learn more

To learn more about developing your project with Expo, look at the following resources:

- [Expo documentation](https://docs.expo.dev/): Learn fundamentals, or go into advanced topics with our [guides](https://docs.expo.dev/guides).
- [Learn Expo tutorial](https://docs.expo.dev/tutorial/introduction/): Follow a step-by-step tutorial where you'll create a project that runs on Android, iOS, and the web.

## Join the community

Join our community of developers creating universal apps.

- [Expo on GitHub](https://github.com/expo/expo): View our open source platform and contribute.
- [Discord community](https://chat.expo.dev): Chat with Expo users and ask questions.

Commit message:

Improves on Edit page, adds edit saving functionality, created ModalPicker

README.md, after:

## Introduction
This project implements a simple react-native application called `ChargingHub` which allows users to register electric vehicle charging points usings `location`, `chargerType`, `availability`. They can also view, edit, and delete these entries.



## Get started

1. Install dependencies

   ```bash
   npm install
   ```

2. Start the app

   ```
   npx expo start
   ```

## Screens
- Splash screen upon starting
- Navigate to tab screen where there are an `Add` & `Profile` tabs.
- `Add` tab allows user to add charging points.
- `Profile` tab allows user to see all the charging points added. They can also delete points and choose to modify.
- Modifying navigates to the `Edit` screen which allows the user to modify the selected point.


## Challenges faced
- Faced challenges in using pre-built libraries for dropdown/searchable dropdown components. Nothing seem to work as expected and most rendered unusable. I opted to build my own component for the time being.
   - For example, I tried using `react-native-autocomplete-dropdown` but the dropdown would not open. I could not find out the reason why.
   - Then I switched to `react-native-search-dropdown-picker` which had a severe zIndex issue and all dropdowns overlapped.

- The SQLite database could only be initiated on iOS and I will keep looking into it to find out why.
   ```
   Failed to fetch charging points [Error: Call to function 'NativeDatabase.prepareAsync' has been rejected.
   → Caused by: Error code : no such table: ChargingPoints]
   ```

## Notes
A `.sql` file can be found in the root folder which includes a couple of SQL statement to if needed.
